adding release notes for 1.5.13 (#6785)
mesosphere/marathon: changelog.md

## Changes from 1.5.12 to 1.5.13

### Fixed Issues

- [MARATHON-8493](https://jira.mesosphere.com/browse/MARATHON-8493) Fixed precision bug associated with summing pod resources.
- [MARATHON-8498](https://jira.mesosphere.com/browse/MARATHON-8498) Fixed secrets validator when changing secret env.
- [MARATHON-8466](https://jira.mesosphere.com/browse/MARATHON-8466) Prohibit the use of reserve words in app and pod ids
- [COPS-4483](https://jira.mesosphere.com/browse/COPS-4483) Provide backward compatible way to produce container ports for `text/plain` GET requests against `/v2/tasks` when using `USER` networking consistent with Marathon 1.4.

### Marathon 1.4 Compatible /v2/tasks

> Marathon 1.5 had a major overhaul of networking which resulted in an unintended change to the porting of ports in `/v2/tasks`.   In `text/plain` form, this information is used to configured load-balancers and routers.  When the container is in `host` mode the reported port is the running host port.  When the container is in `bridge` mode, the reported port is the dynamically created host port that will bridge to the internal container port.  For Marathon 1.4, in `USER` mode, it reported the container port.  Regardless of correctness, this feature was used by some customers and needs to be forward ported.  Marathon 1.5.13 now provides that ability by using the `compatibilityMode` query parameter to the `/v2/tasks` end point.  If `compatibilityMode` is not specified the 1.5 version is rendered.  If `/v2/tasks?compatibilityMode=1.4` is used it will provided the previous Marathon 1.4 rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marathon 1.5 had a major overhaul of networking which resulted in an unintended change to the porting of ports in `/v2/tasks`. In `text/plain` form, this information is used to configure load-balancers and routers. When the container is in `host` mode the reported port is the running host port. When the container is in `bridge` mode, the reported port is the dynamically created host port that will bridge to the internal container port. For Marathon 1.4, in `USER` mode, it reported the container port. Regardless of correctness, this feature was used by some customers and needs to be forward ported. Marathon 1.5.13 now provides that ability by using the `compatibilityMode` query parameter to the `/v2/tasks` end point. If `compatibilityMode` is not specified the 1.5 version is rendered. If `/v2/tasks?compatibilityMode=1.4` is used it will provide the previous Marathon 1.4 rendering.
```
